I'm absolutely gonna kill myself if I
get out of here without asking this this
question occurred to me when my friend
bodily forced me to pick up the first
book in the Hitchhiker's Guide and I
read the very first sentence on the very
first paragraph what on God's green
earth does this man have against digital
watches well I have to admit they've
improved since I since since I actually
wrote that bit but if you think about it
I mean the first digital watches which
were we I mean you look at you look at a
regular watch with hands and and you've
got a pie chart you remember the time
when we used to get very excited about
pie charts being the thing that
computers did for us pie charts
but at the same time we were getting
terribly excited about pie charts and
what they could do for our understanding
of the world well say we don't want pie
charts on our wrists that's
old-fashioned technology no what we want
is not something you just glance at and
see what the time is we want something
that you've got to go into a dark corner
and put down your suitcase and press the
button in order to read oh it's 1143 now
how long is that before twelve o'clock
and this was progress but what you see
is great I mean the great thing about
human beings I mean I mean while you
make fun of it is not only that we
invent stuff that's new and better and
and those things better but even stuff
that works perfectly well we can't leave
well enough alone and its really it is
it is the most sort of charming and the
delightful aspect of human beings that
we keep on inventing things that we've
already got right once I mean like you
know bathroom faucets I mean it's very
very simple you turn it on the water
comes out you turn it off the water
stops and we've kind of got the hang of
that that works but it's amazing you
know you go into a sort of in a hotel
lobby or an airport and you approach the
basin with a certain amount of sort of
anxiety you know okay what's what do i
do do I turn something do I push
something do I pull something do I need
it
do I just have to sort of be near it
and once it started to once the water
started to flow because it's picked up
some sort of brainwave energy from me or
whatever so is it my job to stop it will
it stop itself I mean I think we've got
the faucet down okay I just think but
you know it's I I just think it's
wonderful we just have to keep on
inventing it even though though it works
pretty well because it's the way of it's
the way of getting ourselves off local
maximums isn't it I think that's all I
have to say there